---
section: jacamo_cont
linkable: false
---

<div class="line-wrap"><svg height="5%" width="6%" class="line-4 line" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 30 70" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink"><path d="M2.48 68.92L2.48 0" opacity="1" fill-opacity="0" stroke="#fcf3e0" stroke-opacity="1"></path></svg></div>

Morgan grew up in beautiful Laguna Beach with his older brother, Henry; twin brother, Nolan; older sister, Erica; and wonderful parents and generous hosts to many get-togethers,  Cindy and Robert. Growing up in Orange County is where Morgan developed his love for the ocean and the outdoors. Morgan went to college at UC Santa Cruz (not too far from our venue!) where he studied Latin American History, continued to surf, delivered pizzas, and drank lots of beers with his rowdy friends. From there, Morgan moved out to Maui for a bit to lifeguard, and also spent some time in New Zealand cruising around in a stinky campervan with Nolan and his good pal Neal (our officiant!). Morgan landed back in Orange County for a few years, and began to reconsider his career and also broke his ankle giving him lots of time to think and study. Morgan was accepted into a competitive coding bootcamp in San Francisco called Hack Reactor. He moved up to San Francisco in August of 2014 (with the broken ankle!) with the intention to move back to Orange County once the program was completed. Plans changed toward the end of his program when he was offered a job in San Francisco and first met his future bride, the amazing and charming and hilarious and (dance floor) talented Jaclyn Vickery. 

Jaclyn grew up in Keene, NH (where Jumanji was filmed!!!) along with her younger/twin brother, Chris; baby sister, Kate; and the funnest parents ever Scott and Kim! Jaclyn spent summers visiting Cape Cod, at camp, visiting Grandma Sue in San Francisco, and attending the biggest Vickery event of the year - Grey Fox Bluegrass festival! Jaclyn grew up loving music and dancing and the outdoors and doing whatever it took to make her friends laugh (qualities she attributes to the funnest parents ever). As High School came to an end, Jaclyn decided to step outside her comfort zone by going to a college where she didn’t know anyone but wasn’t too far from home, and landed on the University of Rhode Island. Jaclyn double-majored in Psychology and Elementary Education which she loved, but to this day doesn’t know what she wants to do with her life (other than marry Morgan). After college, Jaclyn opted for yet another change of scenery and spent a few years living in Hilton Head, SC. After deciding that wasn’t the place for her, she moved back to NH, saved up all her money waitressing, took an epic European couch surfing trip with her good friend Gretchen, and then decided it was time to make a big move. Jaclyn’s friend Josh had been living out in San Francisco for a few years, and told her he had an open room in his apartment. That (along with the fond memories of visiting Grandma Sue!) was all she needed to purchase a one-way ticket. Jaclyn fell in love with San Francisco instantly. And after about three years, Jaclyn fell in love almost instantly again - with her future husband, the most handsome man in the world, the endlessly talented, and the love of her life - Morgan Plant!

Jaclyn and Morgan have spent the last five years completely inseparable and head-over-heels in love! They moved in together after 8 months, and haven’t looked back since. They currently live near Ocean Beach so Morgan can get in all the surfing he wants, and spend many weekends out camping or traveling or spending time with their wonderful friends (including the same rowdy crew Morgan was drinking all the beers with at UCSC). 

“Jacamo” is what Jaclyn’s brother Chris and wife Kayla call the couple, and it seems to be trending so we’re going with that as the theme for this wedding. 

We can’t wait to get married!!!!!!!